hello youtube today I'm doing a video
about um I'm after my friend with me I'm
about family guy well as i'm sure you
his little history chart amazing i did
not help I'm nothing on this he built
everything by himself all and there is a
download um the person that mazes well
if you guys want to go to his YouTube
channel I'm go to high rollin Kings high
rollin kings and he will I mean Rolly
king no I rollin king kings yeah I do
have my friend for you guys to see
family gosh yeah the other one we give
his gamertag all cuz he gets a lot we
would get a lot banquet he doesn't want
that right here he wanted oh he said do
not pull lever while range it's not
ready oh my god family guy thing king 3d
let me show you guys around so y'all can
see right here we have the family guys
um house and come in Peter Griffin
amazing always couch the stairs like in
that episode I things like to crack that
he falls on his wheelchair you has ever
seen that here we have the main room of
Peter and his wives right here we have
the bathroom
over here we have oh sorry about that
those do these bears and over here we
have um I forgot his name a little
closet he has right there yeah so i'm
gonna show you guys more wrong I think
he had I think it did was like more I
think he had more detail to this world
than they I don't know I should sound
like I show that's another house purple
else oh boy here we have spoon it see
that's the name of the south of the city
I am we have the mine mark you guys get
it like the walmart here so much each
off so much effort then take him down
long he did not make this i'm creating
my having a new world making this is
like wow this one sides it was amazing
used to be cloud it was so amazing that
pics are you guys want that then just
downloading please i will put a download
i'm changing now if you guys subscribe
but awesome if i get at least 10
subscribers because i don't get that
much subscribers on my youtube page at
least 10 and 50 like once i get the 50
likes i will put to download to the
world to this world oh oh you guys like
finally dying keep watching one of my
other videos some be
posting since I'm with his with his
friend well and i'm gonna i also in
itself o partner so thank you for your
time and youtube I'm out